welcome to iphone parts repair
dot nl
instruction videos follow us on youtube
facebook and twitter
here is the iphone 6
step 1 puts the iphone 6 out of step 2
remove the two pentalobe screws
At the bottom
if you do not have a pentalobe screwdriver
to have
take a quick look at our website
step 3 grab the suction cup and drop the screen
a little bit up
now there is enough space for the
Pride target the bottom of the screen
detach from the frame
now lift the screen
step 4 delete the next five
screws on this metal plate and
remove the metal plate
step 5 below we link the screen
in principle it is not necessary but because
the battery is glued rather firmly
it is safer to take just the four cables
and the screen temporarily
safe to store
step 6
remove the two screws from this
metal plate that runs out of battery
place
much that we put the metal on
hate and love battery connector up
step 7
now remove the battery using
the tools
was the battery with no possibility
come off
you can choose the back
of heating the cases with a hair dryer
however, do this no longer than 1 or 2
minutes otherwise you will damage the internal
parts by the heat
try to leave as much glue as possible
so that you can use it again later
can use
You should it anyway
they use to remove all the glue then
some double-sided tape to the new one
battery will be back in place
to hold
step 8
grab your new battery and I do first
the battery connector back in place
and put the battery in place
step 9 screws him
bracket press on the frame using
the two small screws
step 10
plug your screen william press all screen
connectors
back in the right place if it's right
hear and feel them click
just like you run out of a lego block
place struct
step 11 screw the metal plate with the
five screws back in place
step 12
fold the screen
back down make sure the
top of the screen on equal
height and works so slowly towards
down
position 13 turn the two pentalobe
screws through
in one place and lower your iphone 6
equipped with a new battery
if you have any questions you can always
to contact us
www dot iphone stripe parts
stripe repair point nl